

<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/Apache_UIMA.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿Welcome to Apache UIMA (Unstructured Information Management Architecture), a incubator project of the  Apache Software Foundation (ASF).   Our goal is a thriving community of users and developers of UIMA frameworks, supporting components for analysing unstructured content such as text, audio and video.    What is UIMA?    Unstructured Information Management applications are software systems that analyze large volumes of unstructured information in order to discover knowledge that is relevant to an end user.   UIMA is a framework and SDK for developing such applications. An example UIM application might ingest plain text and identify entities, such as persons, places, organizations; or relations, such as works-for or located-at.   UIMA enables such an application to be decomposed into components, for example "language identification" -> "language specific segmentation" -> "sentence boundary detection" -> "entity detection (person/place names etc.)".   Each component must implement interfaces defined by the framework and must provide self-describing metadata via XML descriptor files. The framework manages these components and the data flow between them. Components are written in Java or C++; the data that flows between components is designed for efficient mapping between these languages.   UIMA additionally provides capabilities to wrap components as network services, and can scale to very large volumes by replicating processing pipelines over a cluster of networked nodes.    Apache UIMA is an Apache-licensed open source implementation of the UIMA specification (that specification is, in turn, being developed concurrently by a technical committee within OASIS , a standards organization).   We invite and encourage you to participate in both the implementation and specification efforts.    UIMA is a component framework for analysing unstructured content such as text, audio and video.   It comprises an SDK and tooling for composing and running analytic components written in Java and C++, with some support for Perl, Python and TCL.       Apache UIMA mailing lists:    Users - uima-user@incubator.apache.org  Developers - uima-dev@incubator.apache.org  Commits - uima-commits@incubator.apache.org      Apache UIMA project committers:    Michael Baessler  Edward Epstein  Thilo Goetz  Adam Lally  Marshall Schor      Apache UIMA project Mentors:    Ken Coar (ASF member and Vice President)  Sam Ruby (ASF member)
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿Welcome to Apache UIMA (Unstructured Information Management Architecture), a incubator project of the  Apache Software Foundation (ASF).   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿Welcome
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
example.Name Apache UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
example.Name Unstructured Information Management Architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Management
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token incubator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Our goal is a thriving community of users and developers of UIMA frameworks, supporting components for analysing unstructured content such as text, audio and video.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Our
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token goal
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token thriving
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token community
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token users
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token frameworks
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token supporting
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analysing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token content
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token audio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence What is UIMA?    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token What
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Unstructured Information Management applications are software systems that analyze large volumes of unstructured information in order to discover knowledge that is relevant to an end user.   
example.Name Unstructured Information Management
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Management
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analyze
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token large
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token volumes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token order
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token discover
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token knowledge
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relevant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token end
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token user
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA is a framework and SDK for developing such applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SDK
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence An example UIM application might ingest plain text and identify entities, such as persons, places, organizations; or relations, such as works-for or located-at.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token example
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token might
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ingest
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token plain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identify
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token persons
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token places
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token organizations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token works-for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token located-at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA enables such an application to be decomposed into components, for example "language identification" -> "language specific segmentation" -> "sentence boundary detection" -> "entity detection (person/place names etc.)".   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enables
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token decomposed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token into
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token example
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identification
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token segmentation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sentence
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token boundary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token detection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token detection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token person
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token place
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token names
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token etc
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Each component must implement interfaces defined by the framework and must provide self-describing metadata via XML descriptor files. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Each
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token component
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token must
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implement
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interfaces
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token defined
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token must
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token self-describing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token metadata
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token via
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token descriptor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token files
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The framework manages these components and the data flow between them. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token manages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token flow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token between
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token them
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Components are written in Java or C++; the data that flows between components is designed for efficient mapping between these languages.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token written
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token C
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token +
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token +
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token flows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token between
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efficient
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mapping
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token between
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token languages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA additionally provides capabilities to wrap components as network services, and can scale to very large volumes by replicating processing pipelines over a cluster of networked nodes.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additionally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provides
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token capabilities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token wrap
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token network
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scale
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token very
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token large
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token volumes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token replicating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pipelines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token over
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cluster
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token networked
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token nodes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Apache UIMA is an Apache-licensed open source implementation of the UIMA specification (that specification is, in turn, being developed concurrently by a technical committee within OASIS , a standards organization).   
example.Name Apache UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache-licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token open
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token source
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implementation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specification
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specification
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token turn
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token concurrently
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token committee
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token within
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token standards
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token organization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence We invite and encourage you to participate in both the implementation and specification efforts.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token We
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token invite
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encourage
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token participate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token both
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implementation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specification
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efforts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA is a component framework for analysing unstructured content such as text, audio and video.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token component
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analysing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token content
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token audio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence It comprises an SDK and tooling for composing and running analytic components written in Java and C++, with some support for Perl, Python and TCL.       
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token It
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token comprises
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SDK
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tooling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token composing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token running
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analytic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token written
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token C
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token +
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token +
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token support
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Perl
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Python
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TCL
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Apache UIMA mailing lists:    Users - uima-user@incubator.apache.org  Developers - uima-dev@incubator.apache.org  Commits - uima-commits@incubator.apache.org      Apache UIMA project committers:    Michael Baessler  Edward Epstein  Thilo Goetz  Adam Lally  Marshall Schor      Apache UIMA project Mentors:    Ken Coar (ASF member and Vice President)  Sam Ruby (ASF member)
example.Name Apache UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mailing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lists
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Users
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.EmailAddress uima-user@incubator.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uima-user
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token @
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token incubator.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Developers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.EmailAddress uima-dev@incubator.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uima-dev
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token @
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token incubator.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Commits
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.EmailAddress uima-commits@incubator.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uima-commits
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token @
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token incubator.apache.org
example.Name Apache UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token committers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name Michael Baessler
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Michael
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Baessler
example.Name Edward Epstein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Edward
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Epstein
example.Name Thilo Goetz
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Thilo
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Goetz
example.Name Adam Lally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Adam
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lally
example.Name Marshall Schor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Marshall
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Schor
example.Name Apache UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Mentors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name Ken Coar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Coar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token member
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Vice President
example.GovernmentOfficial Vice President
example.PersonTitle Vice President
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token President
example.PersonTitle President
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Sam Ruby
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Sam
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ruby
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token member
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/IBM_LifeSciences.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»?"Life sciences is one of the emerging markets at the heart of IBM's growth strategy," said John M. Thompson, IBM senior vice president & group executive, Software. "This investment is the first of a number of steps we will be taking to advance IBM's life sciences initiatives." In his role as newly appointed IBM Corporation vice chairman, effective September 1, Mr. Thompson will be responsible for integrating and accelerating IBM's efforts to exploit life sciences and other emerging growth areas.  IBM estimates the market for IT solutions for life sciences will skyrocket from $3.5 billion today to more than $9 billion by 2003. Driving demand is the explosive growth in genomic, proteomic and pharmaceutical research. For example, the Human Genome Database is approximately three terabytes of data, or the equivalent of 150 million pages of information. The volume of life sciences data is doubling every six months.   "All of this genetic data is worthless without the information technology that can help scientists manage and analyze it to unlock the pathways that will lead to new cures for many of today's diseases," said Dr. Caroline Kovac, vice president of IBM's new Life Sciences unit. "IBM can help speed this process by enabling more efficient interpretation of data and sharing of knowledge. The potential for change based on innovation in life sciences is bigger than the change caused by the digital circuit."  Among the life sciences initiatives already underway at IBM are: - DiscoveryLink* -- For the first time, researchers using this combination of innovative middleware and integration services can join together information from many sources to solve complex medical research problems. DiscoveryLink creates a "virtual database" that permits data to be accessed and extracted from multiple data sources used in research and development projects. This IT solution can dramatically improve product cycle time and lower development costs for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agri-science companies.   - Blue Gene* - IBM is building a supercomputer 100 times faster than any available today designed to advance understanding of the mechanisms behind protein folding through large-scale biomolecular simulation. In December, IBM committed $100 million to this five-year research project to advance the state-of-the-art in supercomputing for biological applications. - Bio-Dictionary* -- IBM has compiled a protein dictionary containing some 30 million protein "words" designed to accelerate the understanding of protein shapes and functions.Bio-Dictionaries for selected genomes, as well as bioinformatics algorithms for pattern discovery and other relevant applications, are available to scientists and researchers for noncommercial use through a website dedicated to life sciences content at http://www.research.ibm.com/compsci/compbio/.  * Indicates trademark or registered trademark of IBM Corporation.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»?"Life sciences is one of the emerging markets at the heart of IBM's growth strategy," said John M. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token markets
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token heart
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strategy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name John M. Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token John
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token M
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Thompson, IBM senior vice president & group executive, Software. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token senior
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token &
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token executive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "This investment is the first of a number of steps we will be taking to advance IBM's life sciences initiatives." 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token investment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token number
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token taking
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In his role as newly appointed IBM Corporation vice chairman, effective September 1, Mr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token role
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token newly
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token appointed
example.Name IBM Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chairman
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token effective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Mr. Thompson
example.PersonTitle Mr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Mr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Thompson will be responsible for integrating and accelerating IBM's efforts to exploit life sciences and other emerging growth areas.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token responsible
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integrating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accelerating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efforts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exploit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token other
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token areas
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM estimates the market for IT solutions for life sciences will skyrocket from $3.5 billion today to more than $9 billion by 2003. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token estimates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token market
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solutions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token skyrocket
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $3.5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token billion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token billion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Driving demand is the explosive growth in genomic, proteomic and pharmaceutical research. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Driving
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demand
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token explosive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genomic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token proteomic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pharmaceutical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence For example, the Human Genome Database is approximately three terabytes of data, or the equivalent of 150 million pages of information. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token For
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token example
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Human Genome Database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Human
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Genome
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approximately
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token three
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token terabytes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token equivalent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 150
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The volume of life sciences data is doubling every six months.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token volume
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token doubling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token every
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token six
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token months
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "All of this genetic data is worthless without the information technology that can help scientists manage and analyze it to unlock the pathways that will lead to new cures for many of today's diseases," said Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token All
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genetic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token worthless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token without
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientists
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token manage
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analyze
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unlock
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pathways
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lead
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token diseases
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name Dr. Caroline Kovac
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Caroline Kovac, vice president of IBM's new Life Sciences unit. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Caroline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Kovac
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
example.Name Life Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "IBM can help speed this process by enabling more efficient interpretation of data and sharing of knowledge. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token process
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enabling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efficient
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interpretation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sharing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token knowledge
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The potential for change based on innovation in life sciences is bigger than the change caused by the digital circuit."  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token potential
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token change
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token based
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bigger
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token change
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token caused
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token digital
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token circuit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Among the life sciences initiatives already underway at IBM are: - DiscoveryLink* -- For the first time, researchers using this combination of innovative middleware and integration services can join together information from many sources to solve complex medical research problems. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token already
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token underway
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DiscoveryLink
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token For
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token time
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researchers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token combination
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token middleware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token join
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token together
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sources
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solve
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token complex
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token medical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence DiscoveryLink creates a "virtual database" that permits data to be accessed and extracted from multiple data sources used in research and development projects. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DiscoveryLink
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token virtual
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permits
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accessed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token extracted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sources
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token projects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This IT solution can dramatically improve product cycle time and lower development costs for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agri-science companies
example.Name This IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solution
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dramatically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token improve
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token product
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cycle
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token time
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lower
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token costs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pharmaceutical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biotechnology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agri-science
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token companies
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence    - Blue Gene* - IBM is building a supercomputer 100 times faster than any available today designed to advance understanding of the mechanisms behind protein folding through large-scale biomolecular simulation. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Blue Gene
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Blue
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Gene
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token building
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token supercomputer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token times
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token faster
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mechanisms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token behind
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token folding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token large-scale
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biomolecular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token simulation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In December, IBM committed $100 million to this five-year research project to advance the state-of-the-art in supercomputing for biological applications. - Bio-Dictionary* -- IBM has compiled a protein dictionary containing some 30 million protein "words" designed to accelerate the understanding of protein shapes and functions.Bio-Dictionaries for selected genomes, as well as bioinformatics algorithms for pattern discovery and other relevant applications, are available to scientists and researchers for noncommercial use through a website dedicated to life sciences content at http://www.research.ibm.com/compsci/compbio/
example.Name In December
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token December
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token committed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five-year
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token state-of-the-art
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token supercomputing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biological
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Bio-Dictionary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compiled
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dictionary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token containing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token words
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accelerate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token shapes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token functions.Bio-Dictionaries
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token selected
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genomes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bioinformatics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token algorithms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pattern
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token discovery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token other
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relevant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientists
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researchers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token noncommercial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token website
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dedicated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token content
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.research.ibm.com
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compsci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compbio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   * Indicates trademark or registered trademark of IBM Corporation.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Indicates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token trademark
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token registered
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token trademark
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/New_IBM_Fellows.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿IBM today elevated five employees to the title of IBM Fellow -- its most prestigious technical honor. The company also presented more than $2.8 million in cash awards to employees whose technical innovation have yielded exceptional value to the company and its customers.  IBM conferred the accolades and awards at its 2003 Corporate Technical Recognition Event (CTRE) in Scottsdale, Ariz. CTRE is a 40-year tradition at IBM, established to recognize exceptional technical employees and reward them for extraordinary achievements and contributions to the company's technology leadership.  "Our technical employees are among the best and brightest innovators in the world. They share a passion for excellence that defines their work and permeates the products and services IBM delivers to its customers," said Nick Donofrio, senior vice president, technology and manufacturing for IBM. "CTRE provides the means for us to honor those who have distinguished themselves as exceptional leaders among their peers."  Among the special honorees at the 2003 CTRE are five employees who earned the coveted distinction of IBM Fellow:   - Grady Booch, chief scientist of Rational Software, IBM Software Group. Recognized internationally for his innovative work on software architecture, modeling, and software engineering process. Mr. Booch is one of the original authors of the Unified Modeling Language (UML), the industry-standard language of blueprints for software-intensive systems.  - Dr. Donald Chamberlin, researcher, IBM Almaden Research Center. An expert in relational database languages, Dr. Chamberlin is co- inventor of SQL, the language that energized the relational database market. He has also influenced the creation of XQuery, one of a new generation of database query languages covering structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.  - Dr. George Galambos, chief technology officer, IBM Global Services (IGS) in Canada; the first Fellow from Canada. Dr. Galambos specializes in high-performance, high availability designs, operational effectiveness, and risk assessment/mitigation, focusing on systems engineering and architecture reuse that enhances efficiency and stability. He is a principal driver of and contributor to the widely acclaimed "Patterns for e-business" and the Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures, widely used by IGS in customer engagements.  - Rod Smith, vice president of Internet emerging technologies, IBM Software Group. A leader in the areas of object-oriented programming, visual development tools, Java, XML, and Web Services. Rod also was the chief technical strategist for focusing the Java platform for use in middleware solutions, in particular initiating contributions to the development of the J2EE.  - Charles Webb, eServer processor design, IBM Systems Group. Charles Webb has led the reinvention of IBM's eServer zSeries microprocessor designs and roadmap, including the z900 server, where he provided the bridge among architecture, hardware, compilers and system software, defining major portions of the 64- bit architecture and beyond.   The title of IBM Fellow is the company's most preeminent technical distinction and is granted in recognition of outstanding and sustained technical achievements in engineering, programming, science and technology. Only 175 individuals have earned this designation in the company's history and, including the newly named Fellows, 56 are active employees. IBM Fellows are encouraged to further enhance their potential for creative achievements and typically work on special projects or research initiatives that lead the company in exciting new directions.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿IBM today elevated five employees to the title of IBM Fellow -- its most prestigious technical honor. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token elevated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token most
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token prestigious
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The company also presented more than $2.8 million in cash awards to employees whose technical innovation have yielded exceptional value to the company and its customers.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token presented
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $2.8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cash
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token awards
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token whose
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token yielded
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token value
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM conferred the accolades and awards at its 2003 Corporate Technical Recognition Event (CTRE) in Scottsdale, Ariz. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token conferred
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accolades
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token awards
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name Corporate Technical Recognition Event
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Event
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Scottsdale
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Ariz. CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ariz
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence CTRE is a 40-year tradition at IBM, established to recognize exceptional technical employees and reward them for extraordinary achievements and contributions to the company's technology leadership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token year
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tradition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token established
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognize
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reward
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token them
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token extraordinary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leadership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "Our technical employees are among the best and brightest innovators in the world. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Our
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token best
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token brightest
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovators
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token world
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence They share a passion for excellence that defines their work and permeates the products and services IBM delivers to its customers," said Nick Donofrio, senior vice president, technology and manufacturing for IBM. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token They
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token share
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token passion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token excellence
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token defines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permeates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token products
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token delivers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name Nick Donofrio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Nick
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Donofrio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token senior
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token manufacturing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "CTRE provides the means for us to honor those who have distinguished themselves as exceptional leaders among their peers."  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provides
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token means
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token us
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token those
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinguished
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token themselves
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leaders
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token peers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Among the special honorees at the 2003 CTRE are five employees who earned the coveted distinction of IBM Fellow:   - Grady Booch, chief scientist of Rational Software, IBM Software Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token special
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honorees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token earned
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token coveted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Grady Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Grady
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientist
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Rational Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Software Group. Recognized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Recognized internationally for his innovative work on software architecture, modeling, and software engineering process. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token internationally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token modeling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token process
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
example.Name Mr. Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Mr. 
example.PersonTitle Mr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Mr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Booch is one of the original authors of the Unified Modeling Language (UML), the industry-standard language of blueprints for software-intensive systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token original
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token authors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Unified Modeling Language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unified
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Modeling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token industry-standard
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token blueprints
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software-intensive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Dr. Donald Chamberlin
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Donald Chamberlin, researcher, IBM Almaden Research Center. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Donald
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Chamberlin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researcher
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Almaden Research Center. An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Almaden
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Center
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence An expert in relational database languages, Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expert
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token languages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Dr. Chamberlin
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Chamberlin is co- inventor of SQL, the language that energized the relational database market. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Chamberlin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token co
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token inventor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SQL
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token energized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token market
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence He has also influenced the creation of XQuery, one of a new generation of database query languages covering structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token He
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token influenced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XQuery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token query
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token languages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token semi-structured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Dr. George Galambos
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence George Galambos, chief technology officer, IBM Global Services (IGS) in Canada; the first Fellow from Canada. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token George
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token officer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Global Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Global
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IGS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Canada
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
example.Name Canada. Dr. Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Canada
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Dr. 
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Galambos specializes in high-performance, high availability designs, operational effectiveness, and risk assessment/mitigation, focusing on systems engineering and architecture reuse that enhances efficiency and stability. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specializes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token high-performance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token high
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token operational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token effectiveness
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token risk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token assessment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mitigation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token focusing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reuse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enhances
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efficiency
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token stability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence He is a principal driver of and contributor to the widely acclaimed "Patterns for e-business" and the Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures, widely used by IGS in customer engagements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token He
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token principal
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token driver
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token acclaimed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token e-business
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Enterprise
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Solution
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Structure
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Reference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Architectures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IGS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engagements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Rod Smith, vice president of Internet emerging technologies, IBM Software Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Rod Smith
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Smith
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Internet
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technologies
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Software Group. A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence A leader in the areas of object-oriented programming, visual development tools, Java, XML, and Web Services. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leader
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token areas
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token object-oriented
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token visual
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tools
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Web Services. Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Web
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Rod also was the chief technical strategist for focusing the Java platform for use in middleware solutions, in particular initiating contributions to the development of the J2EE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token was
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strategist
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token focusing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token platform
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token middleware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solutions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token particular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2EE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Charles Webb, eServer processor design, IBM Systems Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Charles Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Charles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token eServer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token processor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token design
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Systems Group. Charles Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Charles Webb has led the reinvention of IBM's eServer zSeries microprocessor designs and roadmap, including the z900 server, where he provided the bridge among architecture, hardware, compilers and system software, defining major portions of the 64- bit architecture and beyond.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Charles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token led
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reinvention
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token eServer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token zSeries
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token microprocessor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token roadmap
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token z900
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token server
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token he
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provided
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bridge
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hardware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compilers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token system
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token defining
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token major
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token portions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 64
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token beyond
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The title of IBM Fellow is the company's most preeminent technical distinction and is granted in recognition of outstanding and sustained technical achievements in engineering, programming, science and technology. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token most
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token preeminent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token granted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token outstanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sustained
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token science
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Only 175 individuals have earned this designation in the company's history and, including the newly named Fellows, 56 are active employees. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Only
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 175
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token individuals
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token earned
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token history
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token newly
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token named
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 56
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token active
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM Fellows are encouraged to further enhance their potential for creative achievements and typically work on special projects or research initiatives that lead the company in exciting new directions.  
example.Name IBM Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encouraged
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token further
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enhance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token potential
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token typically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token special
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token projects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lead
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exciting
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token directions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/SeminarChallengesInSpeechRecognition.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition   August 8, 2003   10:30 AM - 11:30 AM    Lawrence Rabiner , Associate Director CAIP, Rutgers    University, Professor Univ. of Santa Barbara      Yorktown 20-043   Availability: Open     Speech recognition has matured to the point where it   is now being widely applied in a range of applications   including desktop dictation, cell phone name dialing,   agent technology, automated operator services,   telematics, call center automation and help desks.    Although the technology is often good enough for many   of these applications, there remain key challenges in   virtually every aspect of speech recognition that   prevent the technology from being used ubiquitously in   any environment, for any speaker, and for an even   broader range of applications. This talk will analyze   the ?Speech Circle?? that enables a person to maintain   a dialog with a machine using speech recognition,   spoken language understanding, dialog management and   spoken language generation, and finally text-to-speech   synthesis, and show where significant progress has   been made, and where there remain critical problems   that need to be addressed and solved.    The talk will include several audio and video examples   of speech recognition and speech understanding systems   that have been studied in the laboratory to illustrate   the challenges that remain to be solved before speech   recognition is considered a solved problem.           
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition   August 8, 2003   10:30 AM - 11:30 AM    Lawrence Rabiner , Associate Director CAIP, Rutgers    University, Professor Univ. of Santa Barbara      Yorktown 20-043   Availability: Open     Speech recognition has matured to the point where it   is now being widely applied in a range of applications   including desktop dictation, cell phone name dialing,   agent technology, automated operator services,   telematics, call center automation and help desks.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿UIT
example.Name IT Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name Speech Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 11
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AM
example.Name Lawrence Rabiner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lawrence
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rabiner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Associate Director CAIP
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Associate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Director
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAIP
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rutgers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token University
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Professor Univ
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Professor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Univ
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Santa Barbara
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Santa
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Barbara
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Yorktown
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 043
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Open
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token matured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token point
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token now
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token range
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token desktop
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dictation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cell
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token phone
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token name
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token automated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token operator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token telematics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token call
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token center
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token automation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token desks
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Although the technology is often good enough for many   of these applications, there remain key challenges in   virtually every aspect of speech recognition that   prevent the technology from being used ubiquitously in   any environment, for any speaker, and for an even   broader range of applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Although
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token often
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token good
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enough
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token there
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token key
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token virtually
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token every
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token aspect
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token prevent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ubiquitously
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token environment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speaker
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token even
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token broader
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token range
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This talk will analyze   the ?Speech Circle?? that enables a person to maintain   a dialog with a machine using speech recognition,   spoken language understanding, dialog management and   spoken language generation, and finally text-to-speech   synthesis, and show where significant progress has   been made, and where there remain critical problems   that need to be addressed and solved.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analyze
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Circle
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enables
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token person
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token maintain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialog
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token spoken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialog
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token management
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token spoken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token finally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text-to-speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token synthesis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token show
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token significant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token progress
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token been
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token made
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token there
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token critical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token need
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token addressed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The talk will include several audio and video examples   of speech recognition and speech understanding systems   that have been studied in the laboratory to illustrate   the challenges that remain to be solved before speech   recognition is considered a solved problem.           
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token include
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token several
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token audio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token examples
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token been
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token studied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token laboratory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token illustrate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token before
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token considered
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problem
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/TrainableInformationExtractionSystems.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems  August 19, 2003   02:00 PM - 03:30 PM   David Johnson, Frank Oles, Tong Zhang(IBM Research)     Hawthorne GN-F15  Availability: Open    The technical objective of the TIES project is to build customizable systems that can identify named entities in text, such as persons, organizations, and locations, as well as identifying relations between those entities. The technical approach is to develop new statistical and symbolic machine learning algorithms in service of the technical objective. Also, we are working on combining statistical with symbolic techniques. The first part of this talk, given by David E. Johnson, will provide a general overview of the goals of the TIES project. The second part, given by Tong Zhang, will provide background on applying statistical machine learning to this problem domain. Tong will also describe the particular statistical approach taken, which is termed Robust Risk Minimization (RMM). The final part will be given by Frank J. Oles. Frank will introduce his theory of precedence-inclusion patterns. Precedence-inclusion patterns are mathematical structures possessing multiple interacting strict partial orders that satisfy axioms generalizing the familiar properties of irreflexivity and transitivity. This very general theory provides a radically new approach to symbolic, as opposed to statistical, pattern generalization that can be applied to relational learning in a number of settings, including learning based on text, on images, or on videos.       
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems  August 19, 2003   02:00 PM - 03:30 PM   David Johnson, Frank Oles, Tong Zhang(IBM Research)     Hawthorne GN-F15  Availability: Open    The technical objective of the TIES project is to build customizable systems that can identify named entities in text, such as persons, organizations, and locations, as well as identifying relations between those entities. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿Adventurous
example.Name Research Summer Seminar Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Trainable Information Extraction Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Trainable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Extraction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 19
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 02
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token PM
example.Name David Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token David
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Frank Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Tong Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
example.Name IBM Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Hawthorne GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hawthorne
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-F15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Open
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token build
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customizable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identify
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token named
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token persons
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token organizations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token locations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identifying
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token between
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token those
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The technical approach is to develop new statistical and symbolic machine learning algorithms in service of the technical objective. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token develop
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token algorithms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Also, we are working on combining statistical with symbolic techniques. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token working
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token combining
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token techniques
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The first part of this talk, given by David E. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name David E. Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token David
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token E
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Johnson, will provide a general overview of the goals of the TIES project. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token general
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token goals
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The second part, given by Tong Zhang, will provide background on applying statistical machine learning to this problem domain. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token second
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name Tong Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token background
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applying
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problem
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token domain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Tong will also describe the particular statistical approach taken, which is termed Robust Risk Minimization (RMM). 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token describe
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token particular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token taken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token which
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token termed
example.Name Robust Risk Minimization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Robust
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Risk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Minimization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token RMM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The final part will be given by Frank J. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token final
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name Frank J. Oles. Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Oles. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Frank will introduce his theory of precedence-inclusion patterns. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introduce
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token theory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token precedence-inclusion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Precedence-inclusion patterns are mathematical structures possessing multiple interacting strict partial orders that satisfy axioms generalizing the familiar properties of irreflexivity and transitivity. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Precedence-inclusion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mathematical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token possessing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interacting
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strict
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token partial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token orders
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token satisfy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token axioms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generalizing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token familiar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token properties
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token irreflexivity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token transitivity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This very general theory provides a radically new approach to symbolic, as opposed to statistical, pattern generalization that can be applied to relational learning in a number of settings, including learning based on text, on images, or on videos.       
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token very
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token general
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token theory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provides
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token radically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token opposed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pattern
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generalization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token number
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token settings
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token based
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token images
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token videos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/UIMASummerSchool2003.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿UIMA Summer School  August 26, 2003 UIMA 101 - The New UIMA Introduction  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  August 28, 2003 FROST Tutorial 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  September 15, 2003 UIMA 201: UIMA Advanced Topics  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW 1S-F53  September 17, 2003 The UIMA System Integration Test and Hardening Service The "SITH" 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35    UIMA Summer School Tutorial and Presentation Details UIMA 101: The new UIMA tutorial   Tuesday August 26 9:00AM - 4:30PM in GN-K35  UIMA 101 is a hands-on programming tutorial.  UIMA 101 is intended for people who want a first introductory course to UIMA or for people who would like a refresher.  The tutorial covers the same concepts in the first UIMA tutorial given in 3Q 2002 except for some key updates:  1) It uses a new interface to the CAS that makes it more natural to access and update CAS feature structures using ordinary Java objects (i.e., the JCAS) and 2) It uses updated TAE interfaces that give the application developer more control over managing multiple CASs.   Please NOTE expert users of UIMA can skip this one and should consider attending the Advanced Topics tutorial.  Prerequisites for the UIMA 101 Tutorial 1) Java Programming 2) Some experience with Eclipse IDE helpful  FROST Tutorial August 28  9:00AM - 5:00PM  in GN-K35  Visitors from the FROST team will be here to talk to us about FROST.  UIMA 201: The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September 15:   9:00AM - 5:30PM in Hawthorne 1S-F53  UIMA 201 will introduce some new UIMA concepts and walk the student through hands-on examples.  The advanced topics tutorial is designed for people who have some experience with UIMA and want  to use new capabilities of UIMA 1.0 to address one or more of the following  Advanced Topics:  1) Collection Processing and Collection Processing Engines (CPEs) 2) Multi-Threading and CAS Pooling 3) Using the UIMA adapter framework to integrate network TAEs with Java TAEs 4) A Semantic Search Application that brings it all together	  Prerequisites for UIMA 201 1) UIMA 101 Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience  The UIMA Integration Test bed Service (The "SITH") September 17 3:00PM - 4:30PM in HAW GN-K35  We have developed the first version of the UIMA Integration Test bed service.  This service is being developed to help test, evaluate, certify and publish UIMA compliant components.  In this talk we will explain the service and what it is intended to provide the UIMA community. We will address the following topics:  1. SITH Services 2. How to submit components and what to expect in return 3. Overview of the test bed implementation using Collection Processing UIMA and Juru.  4. Next Steps for the SITH   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿UIMA Summer School  August 26, 2003 UIMA 101 - The New UIMA Introduction  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  August 28, 2003 FROST Tutorial 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  September 15, 2003 UIMA 201: UIMA Advanced Topics  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW 1S-F53  September 17, 2003 The UIMA System Integration Test and Hardening Service The "SITH" 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35    UIMA Summer School Tutorial and Presentation Details UIMA 101: The new UIMA tutorial   Tuesday August 26 9:00AM - 4:30PM in GN-K35  UIMA 101 is a hands-on programming tutorial.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿UIMA
example.Name IMA Summer School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 26
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name The New UIMA Introduction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token New
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Introduction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name FROST Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name UIMA Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F53
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name The UIMA System Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token System
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Hardening Service The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hardening
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
example.Name UIMA Summer School Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Presentation Details UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Presentation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Details
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
example.Name Tuesday August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tuesday
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 26
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA 101 is intended for people who want a first introductory course to UIMA or for people who would like a refresher.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token intended
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token want
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introductory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token course
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token would
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token like
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token refresher
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The tutorial covers the same concepts in the first UIMA tutorial given in 3Q 2002 except for some key updates:  1) It uses a new interface to the CAS that makes it more natural to access and update CAS feature structures using ordinary Java objects (i.e., the JCAS) and 2) It uses updated TAE interfaces that give the application developer more control over managing multiple CASs.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token same
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token concepts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3Q
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2002
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token key
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token updates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token It
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interface
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token makes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token natural
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token access
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token update
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token feature
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ordinary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token i.e
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token JCAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token It
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token updated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interfaces
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token control
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token over
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token managing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CASs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Please NOTE expert users of UIMA can skip this one and should consider attending the Advanced Topics tutorial.  
example.Name Please NOTE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Please
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expert
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token users
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token skip
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token should
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token consider
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token attending
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Prerequisites for the UIMA 101 Tutorial 1) Java Programming 2) Some experience with Eclipse IDE helpful  FROST Tutorial August 28  9:00AM - 5:00PM  in GN-K35  Visitors from the FROST team will be here to talk to us about FROST.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Prerequisites
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Java Programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
example.Name Eclipse IDE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IDE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token helpful
example.Name FROST Tutorial August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Visitors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token team
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token here
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token us
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token about
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA 201: The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September 15:   9:00AM - 5:30PM in Hawthorne 1S-F53  UIMA 201 will introduce some new UIMA concepts and walk the student through hands-on examples.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hawthorne
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F53
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introduce
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token concepts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token walk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token student
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token examples
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The advanced topics tutorial is designed for people who have some experience with UIMA and want  to use new capabilities of UIMA 1.0 to address one or more of the following  Advanced Topics:  1) Collection Processing and Collection Processing Engines (CPEs) 2) Multi-Threading and CAS Pooling 3) Using the UIMA adapter framework to integrate network TAEs with Java TAEs 4) A Semantic Search Application that brings it all together	  Prerequisites for UIMA 201 1) UIMA 101 Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience  The UIMA Integration Test bed Service (The "SITH") September 17 3:00PM - 4:30PM in HAW GN-K35  We have developed the first version of the UIMA Integration Test bed service.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token want
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token capabilities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token address
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token following
example.Name Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Collection Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Collection Processing Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CPEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Multi-Threading
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name CAS Pooling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Pooling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token adapter
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integrate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token network
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
example.Name Java TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name A Semantic Search Application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Semantic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Search
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token brings
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token all
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token together
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Prerequisites
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
example.Name Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Extensive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Experience
example.Name The UIMA Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token We
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name UIMA Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This service is being developed to help test, evaluate, certify and publish UIMA compliant components.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token evaluate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token certify
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token publish
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In this talk we will explain the service and what it is intended to provide the UIMA community. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token explain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token what
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token intended
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token community
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence We will address the following topics:  1. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token We
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token address
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token following
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence SITH Services 2. 
example.Name SITH Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence How to submit components and what to expect in return 3. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token How
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token submit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token what
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expect
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token return
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Overview of the test bed implementation using Collection Processing UIMA and Juru.  4. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implementation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
example.Name Collection Processing UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Juru
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Next Steps for the SITH   
example.Name Next Steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Next
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/UIMA_Seminars.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿Upcoming UIMA Seminars  April 7, 2004 Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA and its Metadata 12:00PM-1:00PM in HAW GN-K35.   Dave Ferrucci will give a UIMA overview and discuss the types of component metadata that UIMA components provide.  Jon Lenchner will give a demo of the Text Analysis Engine configurator tool.   April 16, 2004 KM & I Department Tea  Title: An Eclipse-based TAE Configurator Tool 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35 .  Jon Lenchner will demo an Eclipse plugin for configuring TAE descriptors, which will be available soon for you to use.  No more editing XML descriptors by hand!   May 11, 2004 UIMA Tutorial  9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35.  This is a full-day, hands-on tutorial on UIMA, covering the development of Text Analysis Engines and Collection Processing Engines, as well as how to include these components in your own applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿Upcoming UIMA Seminars  April 7, 2004 Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA and its Metadata 12:00PM-1:00PM in HAW GN-K35.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿Upcoming
example.Name UIMA Seminars
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminars
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token April
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
example.Name Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Distillery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lunch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Metadata
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Dave Ferrucci will give a UIMA overview and discuss the types of component metadata that UIMA components provide.  
example.Name Dave Ferrucci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dave
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ferrucci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token discuss
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token types
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token component
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token metadata
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Jon Lenchner will give a demo of the Text Analysis Engine configurator tool.   
example.Name Jon Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Jon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demo
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Text Analysis Engine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Analysis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token configurator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence April 16, 2004 KM & I Department Tea  Title: An Eclipse-based TAE Configurator Tool 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35 .  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token April
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token &
example.Name I Department Tea
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token I
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Department
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tea
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name An Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse-based
example.Name TAE Configurator Tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Configurator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Jon Lenchner will demo an Eclipse plugin for configuring TAE descriptors, which will be available soon for you to use.  
example.Name Jon Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Jon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demo
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token plugin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token configuring
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token descriptors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token which
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token soon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence No more editing XML descriptors by hand!   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token No
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token editing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token descriptors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hand
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence May 11, 2004 UIMA Tutorial  9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token May
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 11
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
example.Name UIMA Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This is a full-day, hands-on tutorial on UIMA, covering the development of Text Analysis Engines and Collection Processing Engines, as well as how to include these components in your own applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token full-day
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Text Analysis Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Analysis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Collection Processing Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token how
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token include
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token your
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token own
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/WatsonConferenceRooms.txt

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation ï»¿Conference Rooms at Watson:  Location	Capacity 	Wall Phone Ext.    Classroom Style     HAW J2-B34 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3130     HAW J2-N07 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3210     YKT 20-001 	Seats 36 	tieline 862-4304     YKT 20-051 	Seats 18 	tieline 862-4307    Conference Style     HAW 2N-F28 	Seats 20 	tieline 863-7583     HAW 4N-B15 	Seats 14 	tieline 863-7126     HAW 4N-B17 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-7089     HAW 4S-K21 	Seats 16 	tieline 863-6386     HAW GN-F14 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-6770     HAW GN-K30 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-7335     HAW GN-K36 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-6098     HAW J1-N14 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3629     HAW J2-A16 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3240     HAW J2-G27 	Seats 15 	tieline 863-3150     HAW J2-M24 	Seats 8 	tieline 863-3160     YKT 03-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-1696     YKT 03-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4278     YKT 05-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3477     YKT 05-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4279     YKT 20-006 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4301     YKT 20-059 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4308     YKT 35-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2873     YKT 35-232 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2860     YKT 38-023 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3299     YKT 39-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3486     YKT 40-100 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4199     YKT 40-200 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-1379     Other     HAW GN-K35 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-6104    Theater Style     HAW 1S-F40 	Seats 30 	tieline 863-6396     YKT 20-043 	Seats 50 	tieline 862-4306    Video Conference Room     YKT 32-026 	Seats 25 	tieline 862-3917  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence ï»¿Conference Rooms at Watson:  Location	Capacity 	Wall Phone Ext.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ï»
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ¿Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rooms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Watson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name Location	Capacity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Location
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Capacity
example.Name Wall Phone Ext
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Wall
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Phone
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ext
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Classroom Style     HAW J2-B34 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3130     HAW J2-N07 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3210     YKT 20-001 	Seats 36 	tieline 862-4304     YKT 20-051 	Seats 18 	tieline 862-4307    Conference Style     HAW 2N-F28 	Seats 20 	tieline 863-7583     HAW 4N-B15 	Seats 14 	tieline 863-7126     HAW 4N-B17 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-7089     HAW 4S-K21 	Seats 16 	tieline 863-6386     HAW GN-F14 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-6770     HAW GN-K30 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-7335     HAW GN-K36 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-6098     HAW J1-N14 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3629     HAW J2-A16 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3240     HAW J2-G27 	Seats 15 	tieline 863-3150     HAW J2-M24 	Seats 8 	tieline 863-3160     YKT 03-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-1696     YKT 03-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4278     YKT 05-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3477     YKT 05-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4279     YKT 20-006 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4301     YKT 20-059 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4308     YKT 35-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2873     YKT 35-232 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2860     YKT 38-023 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3299     YKT 39-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3486     YKT 40-100 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4199     YKT 40-200 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-1379     Other     HAW GN-K35 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-6104    Theater Style     HAW 1S-F40 	Seats 30 	tieline 863-6396     YKT 20-043 	Seats 50 	tieline 862-4306    Video Conference Room     YKT 32-026 	Seats 25 	tieline 862-3917  
example.Name Classroom Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Classroom
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token B34
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3130
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token N07
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3210
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 001
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 36
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4304
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 051
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 18
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4307
example.Name Conference Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2N-F28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7583
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4N-B15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7126
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4N-B17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7089
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4S-K21
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6386
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-F14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6770
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7335
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K36
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6098
example.Name HAW J1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token N14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3629
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3240
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token G27
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3150
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token M24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3160
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 135
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1696
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 235
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4278
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 05
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 135
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3477
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 05
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 235
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4279
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 006
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4301
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 059
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4308
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 132
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2873
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 232
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2860
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 38
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 023
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3299
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 39
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 132
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3486
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4199
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 200
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1379
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Other
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6104
example.Name Theater Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Theater
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6396
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 043
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 50
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4306
example.Name Video Conference Room
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Room
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 32
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 026
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 25
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3917


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/IBM_LifeSciences.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>IBM announces $100 Million investment in Life Sciences</TITLE> <DATE>16 August 2000</DATE> <TEXT>"Life sciences is one of the emerging markets at the heart of IBM's growth strategy," said John M. Thompson, IBM senior vice president &amp; group executive, Software. "This investment is the first of a number of steps we will be taking to advance IBM's life sciences initiatives." In his role as newly appointed IBM Corporation vice chairman, effective September 1, Mr. Thompson will be responsible for integrating and accelerating IBM's efforts to exploit life sciences and other emerging growth areas.  IBM estimates the market for IT solutions for life sciences will skyrocket from $3.5 billion today to more than $9 billion by 2003. Driving demand is the explosive growth in genomic, proteomic and pharmaceutical research. For example, the Human Genome Database is approximately three terabytes of data, or the equivalent of 150 million pages of information. The volume of life sciences data is doubling every six months.   "All of this genetic data is worthless without the information technology that can help scientists manage and analyze it to unlock the pathways that will lead to new cures for many of today's diseases," said Dr. Caroline Kovac, vice president of IBM's new Life Sciences unit. "IBM can help speed this process by enabling more efficient interpretation of data and sharing of knowledge. The potential for change based on innovation in life sciences is bigger than the change caused by the digital circuit."  Among the life sciences initiatives already underway at IBM are: - DiscoveryLink* -- For the first time, researchers using this combination of innovative middleware and integration services can join together information from many sources to solve complex medical research problems. DiscoveryLink creates a "virtual database" that permits data to be accessed and extracted from multiple data sources used in research and development projects. This IT solution can dramatically improve product cycle time and lower development costs for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agri-science companies.   - Blue Gene* - IBM is building a supercomputer 100 times faster than any available today designed to advance understanding of the mechanisms behind protein folding through large-scale biomolecular simulation. In December, IBM committed $100 million to this five-year research project to advance the state-of-the-art in supercomputing for biological applications. - Bio-Dictionary* -- IBM has compiled a protein dictionary containing some 30 million protein "words" designed to accelerate the understanding of protein shapes and functions.Bio-Dictionaries for selected genomes, as well as bioinformatics algorithms for pattern discovery and other relevant applications, are available to scientists and researchers for noncommercial use through a website dedicated to life sciences content at http://www.research.ibm.com/compsci/compbio/. </TEXT> <FOOTER>* Indicates trademark or registered trademark of IBM Corporation.</FOOTER> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>IBM announces $100 Million investment in Life Sciences</TITLE> <DATE>16 August 2000</DATE> <TEXT>"Life sciences is one of the emerging markets at the heart of IBM's growth strategy," said John M. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token announces
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token investment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name Life Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2000
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token markets
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token heart
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strategy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name John M. Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token John
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token M
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Thompson, IBM senior vice president &amp; group executive, Software. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token senior
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token &
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token amp
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token executive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "This investment is the first of a number of steps we will be taking to advance IBM's life sciences initiatives." 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token investment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token number
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token taking
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In his role as newly appointed IBM Corporation vice chairman, effective September 1, Mr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token role
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token newly
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token appointed
example.Name IBM Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chairman
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token effective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Mr. Thompson
example.PersonTitle Mr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Mr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Thompson will be responsible for integrating and accelerating IBM's efforts to exploit life sciences and other emerging growth areas.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Thompson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token responsible
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integrating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accelerating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efforts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exploit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token other
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token areas
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM estimates the market for IT solutions for life sciences will skyrocket from $3.5 billion today to more than $9 billion by 2003. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token estimates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token market
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solutions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token skyrocket
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $3.5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token billion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token billion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Driving demand is the explosive growth in genomic, proteomic and pharmaceutical research. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Driving
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demand
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token explosive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token growth
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genomic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token proteomic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pharmaceutical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence For example, the Human Genome Database is approximately three terabytes of data, or the equivalent of 150 million pages of information. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token For
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token example
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Human Genome Database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Human
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Genome
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approximately
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token three
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token terabytes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token equivalent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 150
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The volume of life sciences data is doubling every six months.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token volume
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token doubling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token every
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token six
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token months
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "All of this genetic data is worthless without the information technology that can help scientists manage and analyze it to unlock the pathways that will lead to new cures for many of today's diseases," said Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token All
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genetic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token worthless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token without
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientists
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token manage
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analyze
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unlock
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pathways
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lead
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token diseases
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name Dr. Caroline Kovac
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Caroline Kovac, vice president of IBM's new Life Sciences unit. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Caroline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Kovac
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
example.Name Life Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "IBM can help speed this process by enabling more efficient interpretation of data and sharing of knowledge. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token process
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enabling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efficient
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interpretation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sharing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token knowledge
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The potential for change based on innovation in life sciences is bigger than the change caused by the digital circuit."  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token potential
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token change
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token based
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bigger
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token change
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token caused
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token digital
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token circuit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Among the life sciences initiatives already underway at IBM are: - DiscoveryLink* -- For the first time, researchers using this combination of innovative middleware and integration services can join together information from many sources to solve complex medical research problems. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token already
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token underway
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DiscoveryLink
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token For
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token time
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researchers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token combination
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token middleware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token join
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token together
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sources
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solve
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token complex
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token medical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence DiscoveryLink creates a "virtual database" that permits data to be accessed and extracted from multiple data sources used in research and development projects. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DiscoveryLink
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token virtual
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permits
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accessed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token extracted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sources
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token projects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This IT solution can dramatically improve product cycle time and lower development costs for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and agri-science companies
example.Name This IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solution
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dramatically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token improve
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token product
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cycle
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token time
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lower
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token costs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pharmaceutical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biotechnology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agri-science
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token companies
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence    - Blue Gene* - IBM is building a supercomputer 100 times faster than any available today designed to advance understanding of the mechanisms behind protein folding through large-scale biomolecular simulation. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Blue Gene
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Blue
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Gene
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token building
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token supercomputer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token times
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token faster
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mechanisms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token behind
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token folding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token large-scale
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biomolecular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token simulation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In December, IBM committed $100 million to this five-year research project to advance the state-of-the-art in supercomputing for biological applications. - Bio-Dictionary* -- IBM has compiled a protein dictionary containing some 30 million protein "words" designed to accelerate the understanding of protein shapes and functions.Bio-Dictionaries for selected genomes, as well as bioinformatics algorithms for pattern discovery and other relevant applications, are available to scientists and researchers for noncommercial use through a website dedicated to life sciences content at http://www.research.ibm.com/compsci/compbio/. 
example.Name In December
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token December
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token committed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five-year
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token state-of-the-art
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token supercomputing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token biological
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Bio-Dictionary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compiled
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dictionary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token containing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token words
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accelerate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token protein
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token shapes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token functions.Bio-Dictionaries
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token selected
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token genomes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bioinformatics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token algorithms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pattern
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token discovery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token other
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relevant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientists
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researchers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token noncommercial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token website
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dedicated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token life
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sciences
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token content
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.research.ibm.com
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compsci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compbio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </TEXT> <FOOTER>* Indicates trademark or registered trademark of IBM Corporation.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FOOTER
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Indicates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token trademark
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token registered
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token trademark
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </FOOTER> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FOOTER
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/New_IBM_Fellows.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>IBM Names Five Fellows, Company's Highest Techinical Honor</TITLE> <DATE>05 June 2002</DATE> <TEXT> IBM today elevated five employees to the title of IBM Fellow -- its most prestigious technical honor. The company also presented more than $2.8 million in cash awards to employees whose technical innovation have yielded exceptional value to the company and its customers.  IBM conferred the accolades and awards at its 2003 Corporate Technical Recognition Event (CTRE) in Scottsdale, Ariz. CTRE is a 40-year tradition at IBM, established to recognize exceptional technical employees and reward them for extraordinary achievements and contributions to the company's technology leadership.  "Our technical employees are among the best and brightest innovators in the world. They share a passion for excellence that defines their work and permeates the products and services IBM delivers to its customers," said Nick Donofrio, senior vice president, technology and manufacturing for IBM. "CTRE provides the means for us to honor those who have distinguished themselves as exceptional leaders among their peers."  Among the special honorees at the 2003 CTRE are five employees who earned the coveted distinction of IBM Fellow:   - Grady Booch, chief scientist of Rational Software, IBM Software Group. Recognized internationally for his innovative work on software architecture, modeling, and software engineering process. Mr. Booch is one of the original authors of the Unified Modeling Language (UML), the industry-standard language of blueprints for software-intensive systems.  - Dr. Donald Chamberlin, researcher, IBM Almaden Research Center. An expert in relational database languages, Dr. Chamberlin is co- inventor of SQL, the language that energized the relational database market. He has also influenced the creation of XQuery, one of a new generation of database query languages covering structured, semi-structured and unstructured data.  - Dr. George Galambos, chief technology officer, IBM Global Services (IGS) in Canada; the first Fellow from Canada. Dr. Galambos specializes in high-performance, high availability designs, operational effectiveness, and risk assessment/mitigation, focusing on systems engineering and architecture reuse that enhances efficiency and stability. He is a principal driver of and contributor to the widely acclaimed "Patterns for e-business" and the Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures, widely used by IGS in customer engagements.  - Rod Smith, vice president of Internet emerging technologies, IBM Software Group. A leader in the areas of object-oriented programming, visual development tools, Java, XML, and Web Services. Rod also was the chief technical strategist for focusing the Java platform for use in middleware solutions, in particular initiating contributions to the development of the J2EE.  - Charles Webb, eServer processor design, IBM Systems Group. Charles Webb has led the reinvention of IBM's eServer zSeries microprocessor designs and roadmap, including the z900 server, where he provided the bridge among architecture, hardware, compilers and system software, defining major portions of the 64- bit architecture and beyond.   The title of IBM Fellow is the company's most preeminent technical distinction and is granted in recognition of outstanding and sustained technical achievements in engineering, programming, science and technology. Only 175 individuals have earned this designation in the company's history and, including the newly named Fellows, 56 are active employees. IBM Fellows are encouraged to further enhance their potential for creative achievements and typically work on special projects or research initiatives that lead the company in exciting new directions. </TEXT> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>IBM Names Five Fellows, Company's Highest Techinical Honor</TITLE> <DATE>05 June 2002</DATE> <TEXT> IBM today elevated five employees to the title of IBM Fellow -- its most prestigious technical honor. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name IBM Names Five Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Names
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Five
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Company's
example.Name Highest Techinical Honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Highest
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Techinical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 05
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token June
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2002
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token today
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token elevated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token most
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token prestigious
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The company also presented more than $2.8 million in cash awards to employees whose technical innovation have yielded exceptional value to the company and its customers.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token presented
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token than
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token $2.8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token million
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cash
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token awards
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token whose
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token yielded
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token value
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM conferred the accolades and awards at its 2003 Corporate Technical Recognition Event (CTRE) in Scottsdale, Ariz. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token conferred
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token accolades
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token awards
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name Corporate Technical Recognition Event
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Corporate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Event
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Scottsdale
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Ariz. CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ariz
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence CTRE is a 40-year tradition at IBM, established to recognize exceptional technical employees and reward them for extraordinary achievements and contributions to the company's technology leadership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token year
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tradition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token established
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognize
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reward
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token them
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token extraordinary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leadership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "Our technical employees are among the best and brightest innovators in the world. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Our
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token best
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token brightest
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovators
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token world
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence They share a passion for excellence that defines their work and permeates the products and services IBM delivers to its customers," said Nick Donofrio, senior vice president, technology and manufacturing for IBM. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token They
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token share
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token passion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token excellence
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token defines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permeates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token products
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token delivers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token said
example.Name Nick Donofrio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Nick
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Donofrio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token senior
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token manufacturing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence "CTRE provides the means for us to honor those who have distinguished themselves as exceptional leaders among their peers."  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provides
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token means
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token us
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token those
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinguished
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token themselves
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exceptional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leaders
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token peers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Among the special honorees at the 2003 CTRE are five employees who earned the coveted distinction of IBM Fellow:   - Grady Booch, chief scientist of Rational Software, IBM Software Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token special
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token honorees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CTRE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token five
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token earned
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token coveted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Grady Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Grady
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token scientist
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Rational Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Software Group. Recognized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Recognized internationally for his innovative work on software architecture, modeling, and software engineering process. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token internationally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token innovative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token modeling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token process
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
example.Name Mr. Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Mr. 
example.PersonTitle Mr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Mr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Booch is one of the original authors of the Unified Modeling Language (UML), the industry-standard language of blueprints for software-intensive systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Booch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token original
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token authors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Unified Modeling Language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unified
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Modeling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token industry-standard
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token blueprints
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software-intensive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Dr. Donald Chamberlin
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Donald Chamberlin, researcher, IBM Almaden Research Center. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Donald
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Chamberlin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token researcher
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Almaden Research Center. An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Almaden
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Center
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence An expert in relational database languages, Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expert
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token languages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Dr. Chamberlin
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Chamberlin is co- inventor of SQL, the language that energized the relational database market. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Chamberlin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token co
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token inventor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SQL
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token energized
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token market
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence He has also influenced the creation of XQuery, one of a new generation of database query languages covering structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token He
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token influenced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XQuery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token database
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token query
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token languages
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token semi-structured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token unstructured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token data
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Dr. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Dr. George Galambos
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence George Galambos, chief technology officer, IBM Global Services (IGS) in Canada; the first Fellow from Canada. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token George
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token officer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Global Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Global
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IGS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Canada
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
example.Name Canada. Dr. Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Canada
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Dr. 
example.PersonTitle Dr.
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dr
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Galambos specializes in high-performance, high availability designs, operational effectiveness, and risk assessment/mitigation, focusing on systems engineering and architecture reuse that enhances efficiency and stability. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Galambos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specializes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token high-performance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token high
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token operational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token effectiveness
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token risk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token assessment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mitigation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token focusing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reuse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enhances
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token efficiency
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token stability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence He is a principal driver of and contributor to the widely acclaimed "Patterns for e-business" and the Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures, widely used by IGS in customer engagements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token He
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token principal
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token driver
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token acclaimed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token e-business
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Enterprise Solution Structure Reference Architectures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Enterprise
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Solution
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Structure
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Reference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Architectures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IGS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engagements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Rod Smith, vice president of Internet emerging technologies, IBM Software Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Rod Smith
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Smith
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token vice
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token president
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Internet
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token emerging
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technologies
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Software Group. A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence A leader in the areas of object-oriented programming, visual development tools, Java, XML, and Web Services. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token leader
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token areas
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token object-oriented
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token visual
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tools
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Web Services. Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Web
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Rod also was the chief technical strategist for focusing the Java platform for use in middleware solutions, in particular initiating contributions to the development of the J2EE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rod
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token was
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token chief
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strategist
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token focusing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token platform
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token middleware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solutions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token particular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiating
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2EE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence   - Charles Webb, eServer processor design, IBM Systems Group. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Charles Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Charles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token eServer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token processor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token design
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name IBM Systems Group. Charles Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Group
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Charles Webb has led the reinvention of IBM's eServer zSeries microprocessor designs and roadmap, including the z900 server, where he provided the bridge among architecture, hardware, compilers and system software, defining major portions of the 64- bit architecture and beyond.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Charles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Webb
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token led
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token reinvention
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token eServer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token zSeries
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token microprocessor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token roadmap
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token z900
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token server
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token he
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provided
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bridge
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token among
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hardware
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compilers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token system
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token defining
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token major
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token portions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 64
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token architecture
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token beyond
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The title of IBM Fellow is the company's most preeminent technical distinction and is granted in recognition of outstanding and sustained technical achievements in engineering, programming, science and technology. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name IBM Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellow
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token most
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token preeminent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distinction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token granted
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token outstanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token sustained
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token engineering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token science
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Only 175 individuals have earned this designation in the company's history and, including the newly named Fellows, 56 are active employees. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Only
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 175
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token individuals
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token earned
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company's
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token history
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token newly
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token named
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 56
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token active
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token employees
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence IBM Fellows are encouraged to further enhance their potential for creative achievements and typically work on special projects or research initiatives that lead the company in exciting new directions. 
example.Name IBM Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Fellows
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encouraged
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token further
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enhance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token their
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token potential
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token creative
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token achievements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token typically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token special
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token projects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token initiatives
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token lead
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token company
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token exciting
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token directions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </TEXT> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/SeminarChallengesInSpeechRecognition.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>   	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition</TITLE> <DATE>8 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT>   UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition   August 8, 2003   10:30 AM - 11:30 AM    Lawrence Rabiner , Associate Director CAIP, Rutgers    University, Professor Univ. of Santa Barbara      Yorktown 20-043   Availability: Open     Speech recognition has matured to the point where it   is now being widely applied in a range of applications   including desktop dictation, cell phone name dialing,   agent technology, automated operator services,   telematics, call center automation and help desks.    Although the technology is often good enough for many   of these applications, there remain key challenges in   virtually every aspect of speech recognition that   prevent the technology from being used ubiquitously in   any environment, for any speaker, and for an even   broader range of applications. This talk will analyze   the ?Speech Circle?? that enables a person to maintain   a dialog with a machine using speech recognition,   spoken language understanding, dialog management and   spoken language generation, and finally text-to-speech   synthesis, and show where significant progress has   been made, and where there remain critical problems   that need to be addressed and solved.    The talk will include several audio and video examples   of speech recognition and speech understanding systems   that have been studied in the laboratory to illustrate   the challenges that remain to be solved before speech   recognition is considered a solved problem.  </TEXT> </DOC>         
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >   	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition</TITLE> <DATE>8 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT>   UIT Seminar: Challenges in Speech Recognition   August 8, 2003   10:30 AM - 11:30 AM    Lawrence Rabiner , Associate Director CAIP, Rutgers    University, Professor Univ. of Santa Barbara      Yorktown 20-043   Availability: Open     Speech recognition has matured to the point where it   is now being widely applied in a range of applications   including desktop dictation, cell phone name dialing,   agent technology, automated operator services,   telematics, call center automation and help desks.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name UIT Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name Speech Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name UIT Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name Speech Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 11
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AM
example.Name Lawrence Rabiner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lawrence
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rabiner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Associate Director CAIP
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Associate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Director
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAIP
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rutgers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token University
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Professor Univ
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Professor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Univ
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Santa Barbara
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Santa
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Barbara
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Yorktown
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 043
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Open
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token matured
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token point
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token now
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token widely
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token range
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token desktop
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dictation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token cell
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token phone
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token name
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token automated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token operator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token telematics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token call
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token center
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token automation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token desks
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Although the technology is often good enough for many   of these applications, there remain key challenges in   virtually every aspect of speech recognition that   prevent the technology from being used ubiquitously in   any environment, for any speaker, and for an even   broader range of applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Although
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token often
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token good
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enough
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token many
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token there
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token key
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token virtually
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token every
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token aspect
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token prevent
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technology
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token used
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ubiquitously
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token environment
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token any
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speaker
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token even
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token broader
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token range
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This talk will analyze   the ?Speech Circle?? that enables a person to maintain   a dialog with a machine using speech recognition,   spoken language understanding, dialog management and   spoken language generation, and finally text-to-speech   synthesis, and show where significant progress has   been made, and where there remain critical problems   that need to be addressed and solved.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token analyze
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Circle
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token enables
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token person
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token maintain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialog
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token spoken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token dialog
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token management
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token spoken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token finally
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text-to-speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token synthesis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token show
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token significant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token progress
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token has
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token been
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token made
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token where
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token there
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token critical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token need
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token addressed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The talk will include several audio and video examples   of speech recognition and speech understanding systems   that have been studied in the laboratory to illustrate   the challenges that remain to be solved before speech   recognition is considered a solved problem.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token include
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token several
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token audio
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token examples
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token understanding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token been
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token studied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token laboratory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token illustrate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token challenges
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token remain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token before
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token speech
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token recognition
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token considered
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token solved
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problem
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </TEXT> </DOC>         
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/TrainableInformationExtractionSystems.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems</TITLE> <DATE>19 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT> Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems  August 19, 2003   02:00 PM - 03:30 PM   David Johnson, Frank Oles, Tong Zhang(IBM Research)     Hawthorne GN-F15  Availability: Open    The technical objective of the TIES project is to build customizable systems that can identify named entities in text, such as persons, organizations, and locations, as well as identifying relations between those entities. The technical approach is to develop new statistical and symbolic machine learning algorithms in service of the technical objective. Also, we are working on combining statistical with symbolic techniques. The first part of this talk, given by David E. Johnson, will provide a general overview of the goals of the TIES project. The second part, given by Tong Zhang, will provide background on applying statistical machine learning to this problem domain. Tong will also describe the particular statistical approach taken, which is termed Robust Risk Minimization (RMM). The final part will be given by Frank J. Oles. Frank will introduce his theory of precedence-inclusion patterns. Precedence-inclusion patterns are mathematical structures possessing multiple interacting strict partial orders that satisfy axioms generalizing the familiar properties of irreflexivity and transitivity. This very general theory provides a radically new approach to symbolic, as opposed to statistical, pattern generalization that can be applied to relational learning in a number of settings, including learning based on text, on images, or on videos.  </TEXT> </DOC>      
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems</TITLE> <DATE>19 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT> Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series - Trainable Information Extraction Systems  August 19, 2003   02:00 PM - 03:30 PM   David Johnson, Frank Oles, Tong Zhang(IBM Research)     Hawthorne GN-F15  Availability: Open    The technical objective of the TIES project is to build customizable systems that can identify named entities in text, such as persons, organizations, and locations, as well as identifying relations between those entities. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Adventurous
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Trainable Information Extraction Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Trainable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Extraction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 19
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name Adventurous Research Summer Seminar Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Adventurous
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Series
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name Trainable Information Extraction Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Trainable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Extraction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 19
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 02
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token PM
example.Name David Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token David
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Frank Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name Tong Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
example.Name IBM Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IBM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Research
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Hawthorne GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hawthorne
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-F15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Availability
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Open
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token build
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token customizable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token systems
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identify
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token named
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token such
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token persons
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token organizations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token locations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token identifying
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token between
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token those
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token entities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The technical approach is to develop new statistical and symbolic machine learning algorithms in service of the technical objective. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token develop
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token algorithms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token technical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objective
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Also, we are working on combining statistical with symbolic techniques. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token working
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token combining
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token techniques
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The first part of this talk, given by David E. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name David E. Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token David
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token E
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Johnson, will provide a general overview of the goals of the TIES project. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Johnson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token general
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token goals
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token project
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The second part, given by Tong Zhang, will provide background on applying statistical machine learning to this problem domain. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token second
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name Tong Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Zhang
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token background
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applying
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token machine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token problem
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token domain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Tong will also describe the particular statistical approach taken, which is termed Robust Risk Minimization (RMM). 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tong
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token also
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token describe
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token particular
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token taken
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token which
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token termed
example.Name Robust Risk Minimization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Robust
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Risk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Minimization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token RMM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The final part will be given by Frank J. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token final
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token part
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
example.Name Frank J. Oles. Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Oles. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Oles
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Frank will introduce his theory of precedence-inclusion patterns. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Frank
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introduce
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token his
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token theory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token precedence-inclusion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Precedence-inclusion patterns are mathematical structures possessing multiple interacting strict partial orders that satisfy axioms generalizing the familiar properties of irreflexivity and transitivity. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Precedence-inclusion
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token patterns
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token are
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token mathematical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token possessing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interacting
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token strict
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token partial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token orders
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token satisfy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token axioms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generalizing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token familiar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token properties
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token irreflexivity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token transitivity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This very general theory provides a radically new approach to symbolic, as opposed to statistical, pattern generalization that can be applied to relational learning in a number of settings, including learning based on text, on images, or on videos.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token very
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token general
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token theory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provides
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token radically
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token approach
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token symbolic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token opposed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token statistical
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token pattern
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token generalization
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token relational
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token number
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token settings
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token including
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token learning
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token based
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token images
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token videos
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </TEXT> </DOC>      
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/UIMASummerSchool2003.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    --> <DOC> <TITLE>UIMA Summer School</TITLE> <DATE>1 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT> August 26, 2003 UIMA 101 - The New UIMA Introduction  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  August 28, 2003 FROST Tutorial 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  September 15, 2003 UIMA 201: UIMA Advanced Topics  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW 1S-F53  September 17, 2003 The UIMA System Integration Test and Hardening Service The "SITH" 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35    UIMA Summer School Tutorial and Presentation Details UIMA 101: The new UIMA tutorial   Tuesday August 26 9:00AM - 4:30PM in GN-K35  UIMA 101 is a hands-on programming tutorial.  UIMA 101 is intended for people who want a first introductory course to UIMA or for people who would like a refresher.  The tutorial covers the same concepts in the first UIMA tutorial given in 3Q 2002 except for some key updates:  1) It uses a new interface to the CAS that makes it more natural to access and update CAS feature structures using ordinary Java objects (i.e., the JCAS) and 2) It uses updated TAE interfaces that give the application developer more control over managing multiple CASs.   Please NOTE expert users of UIMA can skip this one and should consider attending the Advanced Topics tutorial.  Prerequisites for the UIMA 101 Tutorial 1) Java Programming 2) Some experience with Eclipse IDE helpful  FROST Tutorial August 28  9:00AM - 5:00PM  in GN-K35  Visitors from the FROST team will be here to talk to us about FROST.  UIMA 201: The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September 15:   9:00AM - 5:30PM in Hawthorne 1S-F53  UIMA 201 will introduce some new UIMA concepts and walk the student through hands-on examples.  The advanced topics tutorial is designed for people who have some experience with UIMA and want  to use new capabilities of UIMA 1.0 to address one or more of the following  Advanced Topics:  1) Collection Processing and Collection Processing Engines (CPEs) 2) Multi-Threading and CAS Pooling 3) Using the UIMA adapter framework to integrate network TAEs with Java TAEs 4) A Semantic Search Application that brings it all together	  Prerequisites for UIMA 201 1) UIMA 101 Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience  The UIMA Integration Test bed Service (The "SITH") September 17 3:00PM - 4:30PM in HAW GN-K35  We have developed the first version of the UIMA Integration Test bed service.  This service is being developed to help test, evaluate, certify and publish UIMA compliant components.  In this talk we will explain the service and what it is intended to provide the UIMA community. We will address the following topics:  1. SITH Services 2. How to submit components and what to expect in return 3. Overview of the test bed implementation using Collection Processing UIMA and Juru.  4. Next Steps for the SITH </TEXT> </DOC>  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    --> <DOC> <TITLE>UIMA Summer School</TITLE> <DATE>1 August 2003</DATE> <TEXT> August 26, 2003 UIMA 101 - The New UIMA Introduction  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  August 28, 2003 FROST Tutorial 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35  September 15, 2003 UIMA 201: UIMA Advanced Topics  (Hands-on Tutorial) 9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW 1S-F53  September 17, 2003 The UIMA System Integration Test and Hardening Service The "SITH" 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35    UIMA Summer School Tutorial and Presentation Details UIMA 101: The new UIMA tutorial   Tuesday August 26 9:00AM - 4:30PM in GN-K35  UIMA 101 is a hands-on programming tutorial.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name UIMA Summer School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 26
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
example.Name The New UIMA Introduction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token New
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Introduction
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name FROST Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name UIMA Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F53
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2003
example.Name The UIMA System Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token System
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Hardening Service The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hardening
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
example.Name UIMA Summer School Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Summer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token School
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Presentation Details UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Presentation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Details
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
example.Name Tuesday August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tuesday
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 26
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA 101 is intended for people who want a first introductory course to UIMA or for people who would like a refresher.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token intended
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token want
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introductory
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token course
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token would
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token like
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token refresher
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The tutorial covers the same concepts in the first UIMA tutorial given in 3Q 2002 except for some key updates:  1) It uses a new interface to the CAS that makes it more natural to access and update CAS feature structures using ordinary Java objects (i.e., the JCAS) and 2) It uses updated TAE interfaces that give the application developer more control over managing multiple CASs.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covers
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token same
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token concepts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token given
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3Q
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2002
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token key
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token updates
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token It
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interface
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token makes
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token natural
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token access
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token update
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token feature
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token structures
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ordinary
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token objects
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token i.e
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token JCAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token It
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token uses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token updated
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token interfaces
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developer
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token control
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token over
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token managing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token multiple
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CASs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Please NOTE expert users of UIMA can skip this one and should consider attending the Advanced Topics tutorial.  
example.Name Please NOTE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Please
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expert
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token users
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token can
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token skip
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token should
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token consider
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token attending
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Prerequisites for the UIMA 101 Tutorial 1) Java Programming 2) Some experience with Eclipse IDE helpful  FROST Tutorial August 28  9:00AM - 5:00PM  in GN-K35  Visitors from the FROST team will be here to talk to us about FROST.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Prerequisites
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Java Programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Programming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
example.Name Eclipse IDE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IDE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token helpful
example.Name FROST Tutorial August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token August
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Visitors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token from
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token team
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token here
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token us
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token about
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token FROST
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence UIMA 201: The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September 15:   9:00AM - 5:30PM in Hawthorne 1S-F53  UIMA 201 will introduce some new UIMA concepts and walk the student through hands-on examples.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name The UIMA Advanced Topics Tutorial September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Hawthorne
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F53
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token introduce
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token concepts
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token walk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token student
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token through
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token examples
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The advanced topics tutorial is designed for people who have some experience with UIMA and want  to use new capabilities of UIMA 1.0 to address one or more of the following  Advanced Topics:  1) Collection Processing and Collection Processing Engines (CPEs) 2) Multi-Threading and CAS Pooling 3) Using the UIMA adapter framework to integrate network TAEs with Java TAEs 4) A Semantic Search Application that brings it all together	  Prerequisites for UIMA 201 1) UIMA 101 Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience  The UIMA Integration Test bed Service (The "SITH") September 17 3:00PM - 4:30PM in HAW GN-K35  We have developed the first version of the UIMA Integration Test bed service.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token designed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token people
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token who
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token some
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token want
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token new
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token capabilities
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token address
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token following
example.Name Advanced Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Advanced
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name Collection Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Collection Processing Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CPEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Multi-Threading
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name CAS Pooling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CAS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Pooling
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Using
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token adapter
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token framework
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token integrate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token network
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
example.Name Java TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Java
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAEs
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
example.Name A Semantic Search Application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Semantic
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Search
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Application
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token brings
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token all
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token together
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Prerequisites
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 201
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 101
example.Name Tutorial OR Extensive UIMA Experience
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Extensive
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Experience
example.Name The UIMA Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token September
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token We
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token have
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token first
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name UIMA Integration Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Integration
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This service is being developed to help test, evaluate, certify and publish UIMA compliant components.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token being
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token developed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token help
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token evaluate
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token certify
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token publish
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliant
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence In this talk we will explain the service and what it is intended to provide the UIMA community. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token In
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token talk
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token we
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token explain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token service
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token what
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token it
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token intended
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token community
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence We will address the following topics:  1. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token We
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token address
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token following
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token topics
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence SITH Services 2. 
example.Name SITH Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Services
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence How to submit components and what to expect in return 3. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token How
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token submit
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token what
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token expect
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token return
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Overview of the test bed implementation using Collection Processing UIMA and Juru.  4. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token test
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token bed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implementation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token using
example.Name Collection Processing UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Juru
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Next Steps for the SITH </TEXT> </DOC>  
example.Name Next Steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Next
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Steps
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token SITH
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/UIMA_Seminars.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>Upcoming UIMA Seminars</TITLE> <DATE>15 March 2004</DATE> <TEXT> April 7, 2004 Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA and its Metadata 12:00PM-1:00PM in HAW GN-K35.   Dave Ferrucci will give a UIMA overview and discuss the types of component metadata that UIMA components provide.  Jon Lenchner will give a demo of the Text Analysis Engine configurator tool.   April 16, 2004 KM &amp; I Department Tea  Title: An Eclipse-based TAE Configurator Tool 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35 .  Jon Lenchner will demo an Eclipse plugin for configuring TAE descriptors, which will be available soon for you to use.  No more editing XML descriptors by hand!   May 11, 2004 UIMA Tutorial  9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35.  This is a full-day, hands-on tutorial on UIMA, covering the development of Text Analysis Engines and Collection Processing Engines, as well as how to include these components in your own applications. </TEXT> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->  <DOC> <TITLE>Upcoming UIMA Seminars</TITLE> <DATE>15 March 2004</DATE> <TEXT> April 7, 2004 Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA and its Metadata 12:00PM-1:00PM in HAW GN-K35.   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name Upcoming UIMA Seminars
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Upcoming
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminars
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token March
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token April
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
example.Name Distillery Lunch Seminar UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Distillery
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lunch
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seminar
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token its
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Metadata
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Dave Ferrucci will give a UIMA overview and discuss the types of component metadata that UIMA components provide.  
example.Name Dave Ferrucci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Dave
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ferrucci
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token overview
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token discuss
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token types
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token component
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token metadata
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token that
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token provide
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Jon Lenchner will give a demo of the Text Analysis Engine configurator tool.   
example.Name Jon Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Jon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token give
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demo
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Text Analysis Engine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Analysis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engine
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token configurator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence April 16, 2004 KM &amp; I Department Tea  Title: An Eclipse-based TAE Configurator Tool 3:00PM-4:30PM in HAW GN-K35 .  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token April
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token &
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token amp
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
example.Name I Department Tea
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token I
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Department
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tea
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Title
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name An Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token An
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse-based
example.Name TAE Configurator Tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Configurator
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tool
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Jon Lenchner will demo an Eclipse plugin for configuring TAE descriptors, which will be available soon for you to use.  
example.Name Jon Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Jon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Lenchner
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token demo
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Eclipse
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token plugin
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token configuring
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TAE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token descriptors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token which
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token will
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token be
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token available
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token soon
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence No more editing XML descriptors by hand!   
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token No
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token editing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token XML
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token descriptors
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hand
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence May 11, 2004 UIMA Tutorial  9:00AM-5:00PM in HAW GN-K35.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token May
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 11
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2004
example.Name UIMA Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 9
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00AM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 5
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 00PM
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence This is a full-day, hands-on tutorial on UIMA, covering the development of Text Analysis Engines and Collection Processing Engines, as well as how to include these components in your own applications. 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token This
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token full-day
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token hands-on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tutorial
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UIMA
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token covering
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token development
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
example.Name Text Analysis Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Text
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Analysis
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
example.Name Collection Processing Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Collection
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Processing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Engines
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token well
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token as
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token how
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token include
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token these
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token components
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token your
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token own
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applications
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence </TEXT> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >


<++++NEW DOCUMENT++++>
DOCUMENT URI:file:/F:/uima-as-2.6.0-bin/apache-uima-as-2.6.0/examples/data/xml/WatsonConferenceRooms.xml

uima.tcas.DocumentAnnotation <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>  	<!-- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->     <DOC> <TITLE>Conference Rooms at Watson</TITLE> <DATE>01 January 2000</DATE> <TEXT>  Conference Rooms at Watson:  Location	Capacity 	Wall Phone Ext.    Classroom Style     HAW J2-B34 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3130     HAW J2-N07 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3210     YKT 20-001 	Seats 36 	tieline 862-4304     YKT 20-051 	Seats 18 	tieline 862-4307    Conference Style     HAW 2N-F28 	Seats 20 	tieline 863-7583     HAW 4N-B15 	Seats 14 	tieline 863-7126     HAW 4N-B17 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-7089     HAW 4S-K21 	Seats 16 	tieline 863-6386     HAW GN-F14 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-6770     HAW GN-K30 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-7335     HAW GN-K36 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-6098     HAW J1-N14 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3629     HAW J2-A16 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3240     HAW J2-G27 	Seats 15 	tieline 863-3150     HAW J2-M24 	Seats 8 	tieline 863-3160     YKT 03-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-1696     YKT 03-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4278     YKT 05-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3477     YKT 05-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4279     YKT 20-006 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4301     YKT 20-059 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4308     YKT 35-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2873     YKT 35-232 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2860     YKT 38-023 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3299     YKT 39-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3486     YKT 40-100 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4199     YKT 40-200 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-1379     Other     HAW GN-K35 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-6104    Theater Style     HAW 1S-F40 	Seats 30 	tieline 863-6396     YKT 20-043 	Seats 50 	tieline 862-4306    Video Conference Room     YKT 32-026 	Seats 25 	tieline 862-3917  </TEXT> </DOC>
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence <?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.SourceDocumentInformation 
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token xml
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token encoding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token =
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token UTF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ?
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence >  	<!
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token !
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence -- 	 *************************************************************** 	 * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one 	 * or more contributor license agreements.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Licensed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache Software Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Foundation
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token one
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token more
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token contributor
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token license
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreements
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the NOTICE file 	 * distributed with this work for additional information 	 * regarding copyright ownership.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token NOTICE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token work
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token additional
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token information
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token regarding
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copyright
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ownership
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence The ASF licenses this file 	 * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the 	 * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance 	 * with the License.  
example.Name The ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token The
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ASF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
example.Name Apache License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Apache
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Version
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token (
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token )
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ;
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token you
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token not
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token use
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token this
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token file
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token except
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token compliance
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token with
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence You may obtain a copy of the License at          * 	 *   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 	 *  	 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, 	 * software distributed under the License is distributed on an 	 * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY 	 * KIND, either express or implied.  
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token You
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token may
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token obtain
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token a
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token copy
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token of
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token http
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token www.apache.org
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token licenses
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token LICENSE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2.0
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Unless
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token required
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token by
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token applicable
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token law
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token agreed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token to
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token in
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token writing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token software
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token is
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token distributed
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token on
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token an
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
example.Name AS IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token AS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token IS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token "
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token BASIS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
example.Name WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WITHOUT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token WARRANTIES
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OR
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token CONDITIONS
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token OF
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ANY
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token KIND
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token ,
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token either
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token express
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token or
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token implied
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence See the License for the 	 * specific language governing permissions and limitations 	 * under the License. 	 ***************************************************************    -->     <DOC> <TITLE>Conference Rooms at Watson</TITLE> <DATE>01 January 2000</DATE> <TEXT>  Conference Rooms at Watson:  Location	Capacity 	Wall Phone Ext.    
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token See
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token for
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token specific
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token language
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token governing
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token permissions
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token and
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token limitations
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token under
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token the
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token License
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token *
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name Conference Rooms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rooms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Watson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TITLE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 01
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token January
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2000
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DATE
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
example.Name Conference Rooms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Rooms
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token at
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Watson
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token :
example.Name Location	Capacity
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Location
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Capacity
example.Name Wall Phone Ext
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Wall
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Phone
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Ext
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token .
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Sentence Classroom Style     HAW J2-B34 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3130     HAW J2-N07 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3210     YKT 20-001 	Seats 36 	tieline 862-4304     YKT 20-051 	Seats 18 	tieline 862-4307    Conference Style     HAW 2N-F28 	Seats 20 	tieline 863-7583     HAW 4N-B15 	Seats 14 	tieline 863-7126     HAW 4N-B17 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-7089     HAW 4S-K21 	Seats 16 	tieline 863-6386     HAW GN-F14 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-6770     HAW GN-K30 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-7335     HAW GN-K36 	Seats 10 	tieline 863-6098     HAW J1-N14 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-3629     HAW J2-A16 	Seats 12 	tieline 863-3240     HAW J2-G27 	Seats 15 	tieline 863-3150     HAW J2-M24 	Seats 8 	tieline 863-3160     YKT 03-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-1696     YKT 03-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4278     YKT 05-135 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3477     YKT 05-235 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4279     YKT 20-006 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-4301     YKT 20-059 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4308     YKT 35-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2873     YKT 35-232 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-2860     YKT 38-023 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3299     YKT 39-132 	Seats 8 	tieline 862-3486     YKT 40-100 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-4199     YKT 40-200 	Seats 20 	tieline 862-1379     Other     HAW GN-K35 	Seats 24 	tieline 863-6104    Theater Style     HAW 1S-F40 	Seats 30 	tieline 863-6396     YKT 20-043 	Seats 50 	tieline 862-4306    Video Conference Room     YKT 32-026 	Seats 25 	tieline 862-3917  </TEXT> </DOC>
example.Name Classroom Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Classroom
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token B34
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3130
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token N07
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3210
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 001
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 36
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4304
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 051
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 18
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4307
example.Name Conference Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2N-F28
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7583
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4N-B15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7126
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4N-B17
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7089
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4S-K21
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6386
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-F14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6770
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 7335
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K36
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 10
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6098
example.Name HAW J1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J1
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token N14
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3629
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token A16
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 12
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3240
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token G27
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 15
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3150
example.Name HAW J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token J2
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token M24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3160
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 135
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1696
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 03
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 235
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4278
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 05
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 135
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3477
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 05
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 235
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4279
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 006
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4301
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 059
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4308
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 132
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2873
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 232
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 2860
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 38
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 023
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3299
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 39
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 132
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 8
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3486
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 100
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4199
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 200
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1379
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Other
example.Name HAW GN
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token GN-K35
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 24
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6104
example.Name Theater Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Theater
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Style
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token HAW
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 1S-F40
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 30
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 863
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 6396
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 20
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 043
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 50
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 4306
example.Name Video Conference Room
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Video
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Conference
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Room
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token YKT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 32
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 026
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token Seats
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 25
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token tieline
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 862
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token -
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token 3917
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token TEXT
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token <
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token /
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token DOC
org.apache.uima.examples.tokenizer.Token >
